Add guidance links to v3 (unreleased) changelog (#1507)
alphagov/govuk-frontend: CHANGELOG.md

The focus state of components now meets the new WCAG 2.1 level AA requirements.

> You must [update your component’s focus state](https://design-system.service.gov.uk/get-started/TODO) to make your design consistent with our new focus styles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must [update your component’s focus state](https://design-system.service.gov.uk/get-started/focus-states/) to make your design consistent with our new focus styles.
```

If you've extended or created components, you can no longer use the `govuk-focusable` or `govuk-focusable-fill` mixins in your Sass files.

> If you're using `govuk-focusable`, you must remove it. There’s no direct replacement, so you must [use our Sass variables to make your components consistent](https://design-system.service.gov.uk/get-started/TODO#TODO) with GOV.UK Frontend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using `govuk-focusable`, you must remove it. There’s no direct replacement, so you must [use our Sass variables to make your components consistent](https://design-system.service.gov.uk/get-started/focus-states/#make-other-focusable-elements-accessible) with GOV.UK Frontend.
```
